improve LSP6 docs to use term `"controller"` (#501)
lukso-network/docs: docs/standards/universal-profile/lsp6-key-manager.md

        <b>value = </b><code>0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001000</code>
    </p>

> Same as `STATICCALL`, but allowing to interact with any contract. This will not check for [**Allowed Calls**](#allowed-calls) if the controller has any of these restrictions set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Same as `STATICCALL`, but it allows interacting with any contract. This will not check if the controller has any   [**Allowed Calls**](#allowed-calls) restrictions set.
```

        <b>value = </b><code>0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000004000</code>
    </p>

> Same as `DELEGATECALL`, but allowing to interact with any contract. This will not check for [**Allowed Calls**](#allowed-calls) if the controller has any of these restrictions set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Same as `DELEGATECALL`, but allows interacting with any contract. This will not check if the controller has any  [**Allowed Calls**](#allowed-calls) restrictions set.
```

:::caution

> Use with caution, as even if restrictions to certain [**Allowed Calls**](#allowed-calls) or [**Allowed ERC725Y Data Keys**](#allowed-erc725y-data-keys) are set for a controller address, they will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use with caution: If the controller address has [**Allowed Calls**](#allowed-calls) or [**Allowed ERC725Y Data Keys**](#allowed-erc725y-data-keys) restrictions set, they will be ignored.
```
had a hard time understanding it before

:::

### Combining Permissions

> Permissions can be combined if a controller needs to hold more than one permission. To do so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permissions can be combined if a controller needs more than one permission. To do so:
```

:::caution

> To **add / remove entries in the list of allowed calls or ERC725Y Data Keys**, the **whole compact bytes array** should be encoded again and reset. Each update **overrides the entire previous state**. Note that this process can be expensive in gas depending on the total number of allowed calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To **add or remove entries in the list of allowed calls or ERC725Y Data Keys**, the **whole compact bytes array** should be encoded again and reset. Each update **overrides the entire previous state**. Note that this process can be expensive in gas, depending on the total number of allowed calls.
```

If `add / remove` had spaces for clarity, I would suggest using words, as `/` is usually used as a shortcut `add or remove`

- _Fixed-size Data Keys_

> A **fixed-size Data Key** is a data key that has a fixed length of 32 bytes. If a _controller address_ has a fixed-size allowed ERC725Y data key set, then that _controller_ can only change the value of that specific fixed-size data key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **fixed-size Data Key** is a data key with a fixed length of 32 bytes. If a _controller address_ has a fixed-size allowed ERC725Y data key set, then that _controller_ can only change the value of that specific fixed-size data key.
```

- _Dynamic-size Data Keys_

> A **dynamic-size Data Key** is a data key that can have a length from 1 byte to 31 bytes. If a _controller_ has a dynamic-size allowed ERC725Y data key set, then that _controller_ can change any data key that starts with the _dynamic-size data key_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **dynamic-size Data Key** is a data key with a variable length from 1 byte up to 31 bytes. If a _controller_ has a dynamic-size allowed ERC725Y data key set, then that _controller_ can change any data key that starts with the _dynamic-size data key_.
```

_**Examples:**_

- _Fixed-size Data Keys_

Let's imagine the following situation, you set an **Allowed ERC725Y fixed-size Data Key** (e.g. `0x5ef83ad9559033e6e941db7d7c495acdce616347d28e90c7ce47cbfcfcad3bc5`) for a controller (e.g. Alice).
With that setup you allowed Alice to update only the value of the **Allowed ERC725Y Data Key**.

![LSP6 Allowed ERC725Y Data Keys, Fixed-Size Key](/img/standards/lsp6/lsp6_allowed_erc725y_data_keys_fixed_key.jpeg)

- _Dynamic-size Data Keys_

> Let's imagine the following situation, you set an **Allowed ERC725Y dynamic-size Data Key** (e.g. `0xbeefbeefbeefbeef`) for a controller (e.g. Bob).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's imagine the following situation: You set an **Allowed ERC725Y dynamic-size Data Key** (e.g., `0xbeefbeefbeefbeef`) for a controller (e.g., Bob).
```

- `0x5ef83ad9559033e6e941db7d7c495acd` (**length: 16 bytes** = `0x0010`)
- `0xbeefbeef` (**length: 4 bytes** = `0x0004`)

> A CompactBytesArray for these 3 x ERC725Y Data Keys would look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A CompactBytesArray for these 3 different ERC725Y Data Keys would look like this:
```

Might be worth explaining that they are 3 specific keys? What was the point of the `x` besides stating the number of keys?

:::info

> **If no Allowed ERC725Y Data Keys are set, then the controller cannot set any value for any key.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If no Allowed ERC725Y Data Keys are set, the controller cannot set any value for any key.**
```

There are 2 ways to interact with the ERC725Account linked with the Key Manager.

> - **direct execution**: the controller is the caller (`msg.sender`) and sends directly a **payload** to the Key Manager (= abi-encoded function call on the linked ERC725Account) to the KeyManager via [`execute(...)`](../smart-contracts/lsp6-key-manager.md#execute).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **direct execution**: the controller is the caller (`msg.sender`) and sends a **payload** to the Key Manager directly (= abi-encoded function call on the linked ERC725Account) to the KeyManager via [`execute(...)`](../smart-contracts/lsp6-key-manager.md#execute).
```

- **relay execution**: a controller **A** signs a payload and an executor `address` **B** (_e.g. a relay service_) executes the payload on behalf of the signer via [`executeRelayCall(...)`](../smart-contracts/lsp6-key-manager.md#executerelaycall).

> The main difference between direct _vs_ relay execution is that with direct execution, the controller `address` is the actual address making the request + paying the gas cost of the execution. With relay execution, a signer `address` (a controller) can interact with the ERC725Account without having to pay for gas fee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main difference between direct _vs_ relay execution is that with direct execution, the controller `address` is the actual address making the request + paying the gas cost of the execution. With relay execution, a signer `address` (a controller) can interact with the ERC725Account without paying a gas fee.
```
